<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">


<h:head>
	<title>FEEDBACK</title>
</h:head>
<h:body>
	<ui:composition template="/template.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="content">
			<h:form style="margin: 0 auto; width:1100px">
				<div style="background: white;">
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">Silvercomtech,
						and its affiliates respect your concerns about privacy. This
						Privacy Policy explains Silvercomtech’s policies and procedures
						regarding information we collect from or about our customers and
						their use of our products and services. Silvercomtech intends to
						provide you with a level of comfort and confidence in how we
						collect, use, share, and safeguard information that we collect.
						This Privacy Policy also explains how you can contact us if you
						have any questions or concerns. By providing information to us or
						by using our products or services, you agree to the terms and
						conditions of this Privacy Policy.</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">Information
						We May Collect We collect three main types of information related
						to you or your use of our products and services: (1) information
						from or about you or your devices; (2) information from or about
						your Silvercomtech vehicle; and (3) information from or about your
						Silvercomtech energy products. Depending on the Silvercomtech
						products and services you request, own, or use, not all of these
						types of information may be applicable to you. From or about you
						or your devices We may collect information from or about you (such
						as your name, address, phone number, e-mail, payment information,
						driver’s license or other government identification information)
						or your devices in a variety of ways, including: Through our
						Digital Services: We may collect information from or about you
						through our websites, software applications, social media pages,
						e-mail messages, or other digital services (the “Digital
						Services”), e.g., when you sign up for a newsletter, make a
						purchase, or register your product with us. Through credit
						applications and other forms: We may collect additional
						information from you or others on your behalf on our credit
						application and other forms to support our product lease or other
						financing offerings, such as date of birth, Social Security
						number, bank routing information, and credit related information.
						We also receive information about you from consumer reporting
						agencies such as credit history and capacity. From other sources:
						We also may receive information about you from other sources, such
						as public databases, joint marketing partners, certified
						installers, third-party vehicle repair or service centers, and
						social media platforms. Silvercomtech Account: Customers who
						purchase certain Silvercomtech products will receive a
						Silvercomtech Account, which is hosted on our website. We may
						collect and process the following types of data for your
						Silvercomtech Account that you elect to provide to us: your
						customer registration information; the status of your order;
						warranty and other documentation for your Silvercomtech products;
						and general information about your Silvercomtech products
						(including, for example, vehicle identification number or other
						product serial number, service plan information, or connectivity
						package), insurance forms, driver’s licenses, financing
						agreements, and similar information. You can access your
						Silvercomtech Account to update the information from or about you
						in that account at any time. Offline: We may collect information
						from or about you offline, such as when you visit a Silvercomtech
						store or repair facility, attend one of our events, sign up for a
						test drive, place an order over the phone, or contact our customer
						service or sales department. Through your browser or device:
						Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically
						through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC)
						address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution,
						operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model,
						language, Internet browser type and version, and the name and
						version of the Digital Services (such as the Silvercomtech App)
						you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Digital
						Services function properly. When you visit our website or
						otherwise use our Digital Services, we may use cookies, pixel
						tags, analytics tools, and other similar technologies to help
						provide and improve our Digital Services, and as detailed below:</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">Cookies:
						Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer
						that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such
						as browser type, time spent on the Digital Services, pages
						visited, language preferences, and other web traffic data. We, and
						our service providers, use the information for security purposes,
						to facilitate online navigation, to display information more
						effectively, to personalize your experience while using the
						Digital Services, and to otherwise analyze user activity. We can
						recognize your computer to assist your use of the Digital
						Services. We also gather statistical information about the usage
						of the Digital Services in order to continually improve their
						design and functionality, understand how the Digital Services are
						used, and assist us with resolving questions regarding the Digital
						Services. Cookies further allow us to select which of our offers
						are most likely to appeal to you and to display them to you. We
						may also use cookies to see how you interact with our offers, and
						we may use cookies or other files to understand your use of our
						websites. If you do not want information collected through the use
						of cookies when using your Silvercomtech Account or our website,
						there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to
						automatically decline cookies or gives you the choice of declining
						or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie
						(or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to
						http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. However,
						if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some
						inconvenience in your use of the Digital Services. For example, we
						may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may need to
						log in every time you visit the applicable Digital Services. Pixel
						tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web
						beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some
						Digital Services to, among other things, track the actions of
						users of the Digital Services (including e-mail recipients),
						measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile
						statistics about usage of the Digital Services and response rates.
						Analytics tools: We use website and application analytics services
						provided by third parties that use cookies and other similar
						technologies to collect information about website or application
						use and to report trends, without identifying individual visitors.
						The third parties that provide us with these services may also
						collect information about your use of third-party websites. You
						can learn about Google’s practices in connection with this
						information collection and how to opt out of it by downloading the
						Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
						https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. From or about your
						Silvercomtech vehicle We may collect a variety of information from
						or about your Silvercomtech vehicle, including: Telematics log
						data: To improve our vehicles and services for you, we may collect
						certain telematics data regarding the performance, usage,
						operation, and condition of your Silvercomtech vehicle, including:
						vehicle identification number; speed information; odometer
						readings; battery use management information; battery charging
						history; electrical system functions; software version
						information; infotainment system data; safety-related data and
						camera images (including information regarding the vehicle’s SRS
						systems, braking and acceleration, security, e-brake, and
						accidents); short video clips of accidents; information regarding
						the use and operation of Autopilot, Summon, and other features;
						and other data to assist in identifying issues and analyzing the
						performance of the vehicle. We may collect such information either
						in person (such as during a service appointment) or via remote
						access. Remote analysis data: We may be able to dynamically
						connect to your Silvercomtech vehicle to diagnose and resolve
						issues with it, and this process may result in access to personal
						settings in the vehicle (such as contacts, browsing history,
						navigation history, and radio listening history). This dynamic
						connection also enables us to view the current location of your
						vehicle, but such access is restricted to a limited number of
						personnel within Silvercomtech. Other vehicle data: In order to
						help improve our products and services, we may collect and store
						other vehicle data, including: data about accidents involving your
						Silvercomtech vehicle (e.g., air bag deployment and other recent
						sensor data); data about remote services (e.g., remote
						lock/unlock, start/stop charge, and honk-the-horn commands); a
						data report to confirm that your vehicle is online together with
						information about the current software version and certain
						telematics data; vehicle connectivity information; data about any
						issues that could materially impair operation of your vehicle;
						data about any safety-critical issues; and data about each
						software and firmware update. We may collect such information
						either in person (such as during a service appointment) or via
						remote access. Service history: In order to facilitate the
						servicing of your car, we may collect and process data about the
						service history of each Silvercomtech vehicle, such as the
						customer’s name, vehicle identification number, repair history,
						any outstanding recalls, any bills due, any customer complaints,
						and any other information related to its service history. Charging
						station information: We may collect information regarding the
						charge rate and charging stations used by you (including outlets)
						in order to, e.g., analyze which charging stations are being
						utilized, how long and efficient battery charges are, and where
						additional charging stations are needed. Advanced features: We may
						provide you with features in your Silvercomtech vehicle, such as
						real-time traffic, Autopilot, and Summon, which make use of the
						road segment data of your vehicle and we may share this data with
						partners that contribute similar data to help us provide the
						service, but we only collect or share the data in a way that does
						not identify you or your car. We also may collect similar data in
						connection with other features, such as the navigation data for
						the online routing feature, and may share it with business
						partners where necessary to provide the feature to you, but,
						again, we only collect or share the data in a way that does not
						identify you or your car. We also only collect or share this data
						if you enable this collection, although if you do so, your vehicle
						may send this data to Silvercomtech and its partners even if you
						are not actively using a feature that needs this information. You
						can enable or disable the collection and sharing of this data at
						any time via the “DATA SHARING” setting in Controls > Settings >
						Safety and Security. To further help develop and improve
						autonomous safety features, we may collect short video clips using
						the car’s external cameras to learn how to recognize things like
						lane lines, street signs, and traffic light positions. These short
						video clips are not linked to your vehicle identification number
						and we have ensured that there is no way to search our system for
						clips that are associated with a specific car. You can enable or
						disable the collection of these clips any time via the “DATA
						SHARING” setting in Controls > Settings > Safety and Security. If
						you no longer wish us to collect telematics log data or any other
						data from your Silvercomtech vehicle, please contact us as
						indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section below. Please note
						that if you opt out from the collection of telematics log data or
						any other data from your Silvercomtech vehicle (with the exception
						of the Data Sharing setting detailed above), we will not be able
						to notify you of issues applicable to your vehicle in real time.
						This may result in your vehicle suffering from reduced
						functionality, serious damage, or inoperability, and it may also
						disable many features of your vehicle including periodic software
						and firmware updates, remote services, and interactivity with
						mobile applications and in-car features such as location search,
						Internet radio, voice commands, and web browser functionality.
						From or about your Silvercomtech energy products We may collect a
						variety of information from or about your Silvercomtech energy
						products or your home from you, via a certified installer when one
						of our energy advisers visits your home, from your electric
						utility, or from the installed products (directly or via paired
						equipment, such as an inverter), including: We may collect
						information about your product, such as your installation date,
						number of products installed, and serial number(s). We may collect
						information about your home, such as the dimensions of your roof,
						the configuration of your electric system, and the capacity of any
						existing solar system. In order to provide and improve our energy
						products and services, we may collect data regarding where your
						product is installed and how it is configured, data related to the
						product’s use and performance, data regarding your home energy
						consumption, and other data relevant to diagnose issues. If you no
						longer wish us to collect performance data or any other data from
						your Silvercomtech energy product, please contact us as indicated
						in the “How to Contact Us” section below. Please note that if you
						opt out from the collection of performance data from your
						Silvercomtech energy product, we will not be able to notify you of
						issues applicable to your energy product in real time. This may
						result in your energy product suffering from reduced
						functionality, serious damage, or inoperability, and it may also
						disable many features of your energy product including periodic
						software and firmware updates. How We May Use Information We
						Collect We may use information we collect to communicate with you,
						to provide and improve our products and services, and for the
						purposes listed below: To communicate with you We may use
						information we collect to communicate with you, including: To
						respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to
						send you newsletters or product information, information alerts,
						information about events, or brochures. To set up, evaluate, and
						provide feedback regarding your Silvercomtech test drive, a home
						visit by one of our energy advisers, or the installation of your
						energy product. To advise you of important safety-related
						information about your vehicle or energy product or to notify
						first responders in the event of an accident involving your
						vehicle. To send administrative information to you, such as
						information regarding our products and services, and changes to
						our terms, conditions, and policies. To present products and
						offers tailored to you and to enhance our lists with information
						from other sources. To allow you to participate in contests and
						similar promotions and to administer these activities. To
						facilitate social sharing and communications functionality. Your
						communication choices: Receiving electronic communications from us
						or our affiliates: If you no longer want to receive
						marketing-related e-mails from us or our affiliates, you may opt
						out of receiving them by following the opt-out instructions in any
						marketing e-mail received from us or by contacting us at the
						address below. Please note that we may still send you important
						administrative and safety messages even if you opt out of
						receiving marketing e-mails. Receiving marketing-related calls
						from us: If you receive a marketing-related call from us and do
						not want to receive similar calls in the future, simply ask to be
						placed on our “do not call” list. Please note that we may still
						call you regarding administrative, safety, or product service
						issues even if you opt out of receiving marketing calls. To
						provide and improve our products and services We may use
						information we collect to provide and improve our products and
						services, including: To complete and fulfill your purchase, e.g.,
						to process your payments, fulfill your requests for product
						financing, have your order delivered to you, communicate with you
						regarding your purchase, and provide you with related customer
						service. To provide service to your Silvercomtech product, such as
						to contact you with service recommendations and to deliver
						over-the-air updates to your product. To monitor your
						Silvercomtech product’s performance and provide services related
						to your product. To develop and promote new products and services,
						and to improve or modify our existing products and services. To
						analyze and improve the safety and security of our products and
						services. To deliver any other services you have requested. For
						other purposes We also may use information we collect for other
						purposes, including: For our business purposes, such as data
						analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, identifying
						usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional
						campaigns, and operating and expanding our business activities.
						Except as described above and below, Silvercomtech may use or
						share information that does not personally identify you for any
						purpose, such as for operational or research purposes, for
						industry analysis, to improve or modify our products and services,
						to better tailor our products and services to your needs, and
						where legally required. How We May Share Information We Collect We
						may share information we collect with our service providers and
						business partners, with other third parties you authorize, with
						other third parties when required by law, and in other
						circumstances. Examples of how we share information with these
						parties and under these circumstances are provided below.</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">With our
						service providers and business partners We may share information
						with our service providers and business partners when necessary to
						perform services on our or on your behalf, such as in the
						following circumstances: With Silvercomtech affiliates for the
						purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Silvercomtech
						affiliates are companies that are owned or controlled by
						Silvercomtech, and companies in which Silvercomtech, has a
						substantial ownership interest. With our third party service
						providers and channel partners to provide services such as website
						hosting, data analysis and storage, payment processing, order
						fulfillment and product installation, wireless connectivity to
						Silvercomtech products, information technology and related
						infrastructure, customer service, product design, product
						diagnostics, maintenance or related services, e-mail delivery,
						credit card processing, auditing, marketing, voice command
						processing, and other similar services. With other third party
						business partners to the extent that they are involved in the
						purchase, lease, or service of your Silvercomtech products. We
						share limited information from or about you or your Silvercomtech
						products to allow you to take advantage of those services if you
						elect to utilize them, with such partners as finance, leasing,
						registration, title companies, electric utilities, permitting
						authorities and insurance companies. With other third parties you
						authorize We may share information with other third parties you
						authorize, such as in the following circumstances: With our
						certified installers, where we do not directly sell you the energy
						products that you have requested, or with third party utilities or
						energy services companies, where you have agreed to allow them to
						monitor or control your energy product. With third party service
						centers or providers, if you choose to utilize them. Note that
						some information about you is stored on certain Silvercomtech
						products and may be accessible directly to the third party service
						centers or providers that you choose to utilize to diagnose or
						service your Silvercomtech product. With third-party sponsors of
						contests and similar promotions, if you elect to participate. With
						your social media account provider, if you connect your
						Silvercomtech Account and your social media account. If you do so,
						you authorize us to share information with your social media
						account provider and you understand that the use of the
						information we share will be governed by the social media account
						provider’s privacy policy. With other third parties when required
						by law Silvercomtech may transfer and disclose information,
						including information that may or may not personally identify you,
						to third parties to comply with a legal obligation (including, but
						not limited to, subpoenas); when we believe in good faith that the
						law requires it; in response to a lawful request by governmental
						authorities conducting an investigation, including to comply with
						law enforcement requirements; to verify or enforce our policies
						and procedures; to respond to an emergency; to prevent or stop
						activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being,
						illegal, unethical or legally actionable; or to protect the
						rights, property, safety, or security of our products and
						services, Silvercomtech, third parties, visitors, or the public,
						as determined by us in our sole discretion. In other circumstances
						We may share information in other circumstances, such as: With
						your employer or other fleet operator or the owner of the
						Silvercomtech product, if you do not directly own it and as
						authorized under applicable law. With a third party in connection
						with any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment,
						transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our
						business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any
						bankruptcy or similar proceedings). We do not share information
						that personally identifies you with unaffiliated third parties for
						their marketing purposes unless you opt in to that sharing. If you
						wish to opt out of any processing of information for which you
						have provided your prior explicit opt-in consent, you may do so by
						contacting us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section
						below. Cross Border Transfers Our products and services are
						controlled and operated from the United States. Information from
						or about you or your use of our products or services may be stored
						and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which
						we engage service providers. Those countries may not have the same
						data protection laws as the country in which you initially
						provided that information. When we transfer information from or
						about you or your use of our products or services to other
						countries, we will protect it as described in this Privacy Policy.
						By using our products or services, or otherwise providing
						information to us, you consent to the transfer of information from
						or about you or your use of our products or services to countries
						outside of your country of residence, including the United States.
						Individuals Located in the EEA or Switzerland If you are located
						in the EEA or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal
						requirements for the transfer of personal information to countries
						outside of the EEA or Switzerland. In particular, Silvercomtech
						has certified its adherence to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
						Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth
						by the Department of Commerce and the European Commission, and the
						Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner,
						respectively, with respect to the processing of certain personal
						information transferred from the EEA and Switzerland to
						Silvercomtech and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries.
						Silvercomtech’s Privacy Shield Policy is available here. In
						addition, Silvercomtech has entered into Standard Contractual
						Clauses issued by the European Commission where appropriate. We
						may rely on various legal grounds to collect, use, and otherwise
						process your information, including: your consent; that the
						information is necessary for the performance of a contract with
						you; to comply with a legal obligation; to protect your, or
						someone else’s vital interests; or for a legitimate interest that
						is balanced against your rights and interests. These legitimate
						interests may include Silvercomtech’s interest in improving its
						products and services, enhancing safety and security, protecting
						Silvercomtech or its business partners against wrongful conduct,
						and responding to customer inquiries and claims. Where applicable,
						we will inform you whether and why we need certain information
						from you, for example, whether we need the information to fulfill
						a legal or contractual requirement and what the consequences are
						of not providing the information. Silvercomtech International B.V.
						is responsible for processing your personal information. We have
						appointed a Data Protection Officer, who can be contacted by:
						sending an e-mail to DPO@Silvercomtech.com; writing to
						Silvercomtech International B.V., Attn: DPO, 122 Burgemeester
						Stramanweg, 1101 EN Amsterdam, Netherlands. Rights and Choices As
						detailed in the sections above, we give you many choices regarding
						our collection, use, and sharing of information from or about you
						or your use of our products or services. These include:
						Configuring your browser to decline or accept cookies. Opting out
						of analytics tools. Opting out of certain electronic
						communications or promotional calls. Disabling the collection of
						telematics log data from your vehicle. Enabling or disabling the
						collection and sharing of certain data to support advanced
						features in your vehicle. Disabling the collection of performance
						data from your Silvercomtech energy product. Opting out of other
						types of data processing for which you have provided your prior
						explicit opt-in consent. This section further explains the rights
						and choices that may apply depending on your jurisdiction. In
						certain jurisdictions you may have the rights to request access to
						and receive information about certain information we maintain
						about you; update and correct inaccuracies in that information;
						have the information restricted or deleted; object or withdraw
						your consent to certain uses of information; and lodge a complaint
						with your local supervisory authority. You may also have the right
						to data portability with regard to the data you provided to us.
						These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law.
						You have several methods to exercise your rights, including: You
						can access your Silvercomtech Account to update the information
						from or about you in that account at any time. If you would like
						to exercise your rights in relation to information from or about
						you, you may contact us at the address below. In your request,
						please make clear what information you would like to have changed,
						whether you would like to have the information that you have
						provided to us suppressed from our database, or otherwise let us
						know what limitations you would like to put on our use of the
						information that you have provided to us. For your protection, we
						may only implement requests with respect to the information
						associated with the particular e-mail address that you use to send
						us your request, or we may need to verify your identity before
						implementing your request. Please note that we may need to retain
						certain information for recordkeeping or legal compliance purposes
						and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to
						requesting such change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase
						or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the
						information provided until after the completion of such purchase
						or promotion). Security We seek to use reasonable organizational,
						technical, and administrative measures to protect information
						within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or
						storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have
						reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer
						secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account
						with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the
						problem by contacting us in accordance with the “How to Contact
						Us” section below. If you sell or transfer your Silvercomtech
						product to another person, please notify us so that we can
						determine whether additional steps are required to help safeguard
						information from or about you from disclosure to the purchaser or
						transferee of the Silvercomtech product. Retention Period We will
						retain information we collect from or about our customers, our
						products, and our services for the period necessary to fulfill the
						purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention
						period is required or permitted by law. When the information is no
						longer necessary for these purposes, we delete it or keep it in a
						form that does not identify you. When determining this retention
						period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of
						products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature
						of our relationship with you, the impact on the services we
						provide to you if we delete some information from or about you,
						and retention periods required by law. Minors Our products and
						services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen
						(16), and we request that these individuals not provide any
						information to Silvercomtech. Links This Privacy Policy does not
						address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information,
						or other practices of any third parties, including any third party
						operating any site or service to which our Digital Services link.
						The inclusion of a link on our Digital Services does not imply
						endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our
						affiliates, nor does it imply an affiliation with the third party.
						Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, use,
						or disclosure policies and practices (including the data security
						practices) of other organizations, such as any other app
						developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating
						system provider, or wireless service provider, including any
						information you disclose to other organizations through or in
						connection with our software applications or social media pages.</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">Updates to
						this Policy We may change this Privacy Policy. Please take a look
						at the “Last Updated” legend at the bottom of this page to see
						when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this
						Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised
						Privacy Policy on our Digital Services. By using our products or
						services, or otherwise providing information to us following these
						changes, you accept the revised Privacy Policy. How to Contact Us</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">To contact us
						with a question or comment, to opt out from certain services, or
						to ask about your ability to exercise your privacy rights
						described above, please contact us: via e‐mail at
						privacy@Silvercomtech.com; Please note that e-mail communications
						are not always secure, so please do not include credit card
						information or sensitive information in your e-mails to us. Last
						Updated May 2018 Privacy Shield Policy</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">Silvercomtech,
						and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries have subscribed to and will
						comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the
						Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (the “Frameworks”) as set
						forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the processing
						of Personal Information (as defined below) that is transferred
						from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland to the
						United States, respectively. Silvercomtech U.S. has certified to
						the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield
						Principles (the “Principles”). If there is any conflict between
						this Policy and the Principles, the Principles will govern. To
						learn more about the Frameworks, and to view our certification,
						please visit www.privacyshield.gov. This Privacy Shield Policy
						supplements our Customer Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms used in
						this Privacy Shield Policy have the meaning given to them by our
						Customer Privacy Policy, unless specifically defined in this
						Policy. This Privacy Shield Policy applies to Silvercomtech U.S.,
						which is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of
						the Federal Trade Commission. Personal Information Received from
						the European Economic Area and Switzerland Silvercomtech U.S. may
						receive from the EEA and Switzerland some or all of the
						information listed in our Customer Privacy Policy. Some of that
						information may qualify as “personal information” or “personal
						data” (collectively, “Personal Information”) as defined in the
						Principles. To the extent that Silvercomtech U.S. receives
						Personal Information from the EEA and Switzerland in reliance on
						the Frameworks, Silvercomtech U.S. will handle such Personal
						Information in accordance with the Principles. Data Integrity and
						Purpose Limitation Silvercomtech U.S. may use the Personal
						Information it receives from the EEA and Switzerland for the
						purposes set forth in our Customer Privacy Policy or as you may
						otherwise be notified. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the
						Personal Information we process is reliable for its intended use,
						accurate, complete, and current to the extent necessary for the
						purposes for which we use the Personal Information. We will not
						process Personal Information in a way that is incompatible with
						the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently
						authorized by you. We will adhere to the Principles for as long as
						we retain the Personal Information collected under the Frameworks.
						Onward Transfers Our Customer Privacy Policy describes the
						circumstances in which we may disclose your information to third
						parties. We remain responsible for the processing of Personal
						Information received under the Frameworks and subsequently
						transferred to a third party acting as an agent if the agent
						processes such Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with
						the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for
						the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to
						disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by
						public authorities, including to meet national security or law
						enforcement requirements. Data Security We use reasonable and
						appropriate measures to protect your Personal Information from
						loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and
						destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the
						processing and the nature of the Personal Information. Choice We
						will give you an opportunity to choose whether your Personal
						Information may be used for a purpose that is materially different
						from the purposes for which it was originally collected or
						subsequently authorized by you, or if we intend to disclose it to
						a third party acting as a data controller that we have not
						previously disclosed to you. In such circumstances, we will notify
						you and offer you the opportunity to opt out of such uses and/or
						disclosures where non-sensitive Personal Information is involved,
						and to opt in where sensitive Personal Information is involved.
						Access to Personal Information Our Customer Privacy Policy sets
						forth methods by which you may access and/or submit requests to
						review, correct, update, suppress, or delete information from or
						about you. Silvercomtech U.S. will comply with the Principles in
						its handling of such requests with respect to Personal
						Information. Recourse and Enforcement If you have any questions or
						concerns, please write to us at the address listed below. We will
						investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes
						regarding our use and disclosure of Personal Information in
						accordance with the Principles. If an issue cannot be resolved
						through Silvercomtech’s internal dispute resolution mechanism, you
						may submit a complaint, at no cost, to JAMS, which serves as
						Silvercomtech’s third-party alternative dispute resolution
						provider. For claimed violations of the Principles not resolved by
						these mechanisms, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration as
						detailed in the Principles. Contact Information If you have
						questions, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Shield
						Policy or Silvercomtech’s privacy practices, please contact us by
						email at privacy@Silvercomtech.com or write to us at the following
						address: Silvercomtech, Attn: Legal Department 45500 Fremont
						Boulevard Fremont, California 94538 United States Privacy Shield
						Policy Changes This Policy may be changed from time to time,
						consistent with the requirements of the Frameworks. You can
						determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the
						“Last Updated” legend at the bottom of this Policy. Any changes to
						this Policy will become effective when posted to our website. Last
						Updated August 2017 Silvercomtech Updates Silvercomtech Updates
						are emails that provide more information on Silvercomtech
						products, services, and regional events. We are requesting this
						consent on our own behalf and that of our regional subsidiaries.
						You can withdraw your consent to receive commercial electronic
						messages at any time by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of
						these emails. Some emails directly related to a Silvercomtech
						purchase cannot be opted out of. If you have questions, please
						review our privacy policy, contact us online, or contact us using
						the address and phone number below. Silvercomtech, Inc Attn:
						Legal, 45500 Fremont Boulevard Fremont, CA 94538 (650) 681-5000
						Patent Pledge On June 12, 2014, Silvercomtech announced that it
						will not initiate patent lawsuits against anyone who, in good
						faith, wants to use its technology. Silvercomtech was created to
						accelerate the advent of sustainable transport, and this policy is
						intended to encourage the advancement of a common,
						rapidly-evolving platform for electric vehicles, thereby
						benefiting Silvercomtech, other companies making electric
						vehicles, and the world. These guidelines provide further detail
						as to how we are implementing this policy. Silvercomtech’s Pledge
						Silvercomtech irrevocably pledges that it will not initiate a
						lawsuit against any party for infringing a Silvercomtech Patent
						through activity relating to electric vehicles or related
						equipment for so long as such party is acting in good faith. Key
						terms of the Pledge are explained below. Definition of Key Terms
						"Silvercomtech Patents" means all patents owned now or in the
						future by Silvercomtech (other than a patent owned jointly with a
						third party or any patent that Silvercomtech later acquires that
						comes with an encumbrance that prevents it from being subject to
						this Pledge). A list of Silvercomtech Patents subject to the
						Pledge will be maintained at the following URL:
						https://www.Silvercomtech.com/about/legal#patent-list. A party is
						"acting in good faith" for so long as such party and its related
						or affiliated companies have not: asserted, helped others assert
						or had a financial stake in any assertion of (i) any patent or
						other intellectual property right against Silvercomtech or (ii)
						any patent right against a third party for its use of technologies
						relating to electric vehicles or related equipment; challenged,
						helped others challenge, or had a financial stake in any challenge
						to any Silvercomtech patent; or marketed or sold any knock-off
						product (e.g., a product created by imitating or copying the
						design or appearance of a Silvercomtech product or which suggests
						an association with or endorsement by Silvercomtech) or provided
						any material assistance to another party doing so. Transfer of
						Silvercomtech Patents Should Silvercomtech ever transfer a
						Silvercomtech Patent to a third party, it will do so only to a
						party that agrees, by means of a public declaration intended to be
						binding on such party, to provide the same protection that
						Silvercomtech provided under the Pledge and to place the same
						requirement on any subsequent transferee. Legal Effect The Pledge,
						which is irrevocable and legally binding on Silvercomtech and its
						successors, is a "standstill," meaning that it is a forbearance of
						enforcement of Silvercomtech’s remedies against any party for
						claims of infringement for so long as such party is acting in good
						faith. In order for Silvercomtech to preserve its ability to
						enforce the Silvercomtech Patents against any party not acting in
						good faith, the Pledge is not a waiver of any patent claims
						(including claims for damages for past acts of infringement) and
						is not a license, covenant not to sue, or authorization to engage
						in patented activities or a limitation on remedies, damages or
						claims. Except as expressly stated in the Pledge, no rights shall
						be deemed granted, waived or received by implication, exhaustion,
						estoppel or otherwise. Finally, the Pledge is not an indication of
						the value of an arms-length, negotiated license or a reasonable
						royalty. What this pledge means is that as long as someone uses
						our patents for electric vehicles and doesn’t do bad things, such
						as knocking off our products or using our patents and then suing
						us for intellectual property infringement, they should have no
						fear of Silvercomtech asserting its patents against them.</p>
				</div>
			</h:form>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>