<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">


<h:head>
	<title>FEEDBACK</title>
</h:head>
<h:body>
	<ui:composition template="/template.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="content">
			<h:form style="margin: 0 auto; width:1100px">
				<div style="background: white;">
					<h:outputText value=" Date: September 03, 2018 " />
					<p:spacer height="25px"></p:spacer>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">Overview The
						following are the terms of an agreement between you and
						SILVERCOMTECH. By accessing, or using this Web site, you
						acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound
						by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and
						regulations, including export and re-export control laws and
						regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use
						this Web site. SILVERCOMTECH may, without notice to you, at any
						time, revise these Terms of Use and any other information
						contained in this Web site. SILVERCOMTECH may also make
						improvements or changes in the products, services, or programs
						described in this site at any time without notice. General This
						Web site contains proprietary notices and copyright information,
						the terms of which must be observed and followed. Please see the
						tab entitled “Copyright and trademark information” for related
						information. SILVERCOMTECH grants you a non-exclusive,
						non-transferable, limited permission to access and display the Web
						pages within this site as a customer or potential customer of
						SILVERCOMTECH provided you comply with these Terms of Use, and all
						copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices remain intact.
						You may only use a crawler to crawl this Web site as permitted by
						this Web site’s robots.txt protocol, and SILVERCOMTECH may block
						any crawlers in its sole discretion. The use authorized under this
						agreement is non-commercial in nature (e.g., you may not sell the
						content you access on or through this Web site.) All other use of
						this site is prohibited. Except for the limited permission in the
						preceding paragraph, SILVERCOMTECH does not grant you any express
						or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks,
						copyrights, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights.
						You may not mirror any of the content from this site on another
						Web site or in any other media. Any software and other materials
						that are made available for downloading, access, or other use from
						this site with their own license terms will be governed by such
						terms, conditions, and notices. Your failure to comply with such
						terms or any of the terms on this site will result in automatic
						termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice,
						and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded
						materials in your possession, custody or control. Disclaimer From
						time to time, this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or
						typographical errors, and we do not warrant the accuracy of any
						posted information. Please confirm you are using the most
						up-to-date pages on this Web site, and confirm the accuracy and
						completeness of information before using it to make decisions
						relating to services, products, or other matters described in this
						Web site. If any term in this Terms of Use is found by competent
						judicial authority to be unenforceable in any respect, the
						validity of the remainder of this Terms of Use will be unaffected,
						provided that such unenforceability does not materially affect the
						parties’ rights under this Terms of Use. Forward-looking and
						cautionary statements</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">Except for
						historical information and discussions, statements set forth
						throughout this web site may constitute forward-looking statements
						within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
						of 1995 or other applicable laws. These statements involve a
						number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause
						actual results to differ materially, as discussed in the company's
						filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. See the
						“SEC filings” tab under “Investor relations” on this Web site for
						copies of such filings. Confidential information</p>
					<p style="margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 10px;">
						SILVERCOMTECH does not want to receive confidential or proprietary
						information from you through our Web site. Please note that any
						information or material sent to SILVERCOMTECH will be deemed NOT
						to be confidential. By sending SILVERCOMTECH any information or
						material, you grant SILVERCOMTECH an unrestricted, irrevocable
						license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit,
						distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative
						works from, and otherwise freely use, those materials or
						information. You also agree that SILVERCOMTECH is free to use any
						ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any
						purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise
						publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other
						information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use
						your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other
						information you submit to a particular part of this site will be
						published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are
						required to do so by law. Personally-identifiable information that
						you submit to SILVERCOMTECH for the purpose of receiving products
						or services will be handled in accordance with our privacy
						policies. Please see the tab entitled “Privacy” for information
						regarding SILVERCOMTECH’s privacy policies. U.S. government
						restricted rights SILVERCOMTECH provides the software downloaded
						from this Web site to U.S. Government users with “RESTRICTED
						RIGHTS." Use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to the
						restrictions set forth in SILVERCOMTECH’s GSA ADP Schedule
						contract. Global availability Information SILVERCOMTECH publishes
						on the Internet may contain references or cross references to
						SILVERCOMTECH products, programs and services that are not
						announced or available in your country. Such references do not
						imply that SILVERCOMTECH intends to announce or make available
						such products, programs, or services in your country. Please
						consult your local SILVERCOMTECH business contact for information
						regarding the products, programs, and services that may be
						available to you. Business relationships This Web site may provide
						links or references to non-SILVERCOMTECH Web sites and resources.
						SILVERCOMTECH makes no representations, warranties, or other
						commitments or endorsements whatsoever about any non-SILVERCOMTECH
						Web sites or third-party resources (including any Lenovo Web site)
						that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to any
						SILVERCOMTECH site. In addition, SILVERCOMTECH is not a party to
						or responsible for any transactions you may enter into with third
						parties, even if you learn of such parties (or use a link to such
						parties) from an SILVERCOMTECH site. When you access a
						non-SILVERCOMTECH Web site, even one that may contain the
						SILVERCOMTECH-logo, please understand that it is independent from
						SILVERCOMTECH, and that SILVERCOMTECH does not control the content
						on that Web site. It is up to you to take precautions to protect
						yourself from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other potentially
						destructive programs, and to protect your information. Linking to
						this site SILVERCOMTECH consents only to links to this Web site in
						which the link and the pages that are activated by the link do
						not: (a) create frames around any page on this Web site or use
						other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or
						appearance of any content within this site; (b) misrepresent your
						relationship with SILVERCOMTECH; (c) imply that SILVERCOMTECH
						approves or endorses you, your Web site, or your service or
						product offerings; and (d) present false or misleading impressions
						about SILVERCOMTECH or otherwise damage the goodwill associated
						with the SILVERCOMTECH name or trademarks. As a further condition
						to being permitted to link to this site, you agree that
						SILVERCOMTECH may at any time, in its sole discretion, terminate
						permission to link to this Web site. In such event, you agree to
						immediately remove all links to this Web site and to cease any
						related use of SILVERCOMTECH trademarks. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
						USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION,
						PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS,"
						WITH NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES WHATSOEVER. SILVERCOMTECH
						EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL
						EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, AND OTHER WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR
						REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF
						MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
						NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
						WITHOUT LIMITATION, SILVERCOMTECH MAKES NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE
						THAT THIS WEB SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR
						ERROR-FREE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IF YOU DOWNLOAD OR
						OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE,
						PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES FROM THIS WEB SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN
						DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR
						ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO
						YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
						EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO
						YOU. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
						APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SILVERCOMTECH BE LIABLE TO ANY
						PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR
						CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE WHATSOEVER RELATED TO OR ARISING
						FROM THIS WEB SITE OR ANY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, OR OF ANY SITE OR
						RESOURCE LINKED TO, REFERENCED, OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE,
						OR FOR THE USE OR DOWNLOADING OF, OR ACCESS TO, ANY MATERIALS,
						INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
						ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST SAVINGS OR LOSS OF
						PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA, EVEN IF SILVERCOMTECH IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED
						OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS EXCLUSION AND WAIVER OF
						LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON
						CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORIES.</p>
				</div>
			</h:form>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>